And that was my first day and they were all
sick and I was like, "What did you do to my
wife?" Lizzie said, "I've got a really cool
thing for you to try." Because I thought it
was funny. [Music] I mean, the mountains are
beautiful, but it just made things a little
bit complicated. It was freezing. Yeah. And
it was like really hard to go to the bathroom,
you know, things like that. They were like,
"Go in." You know, I have a scene where
you're swimming in the river and the river was
like It was very cold. It was freezing. Yeah,
it was freezing actually. It was a It was a
melted glacier. We were like, "We'll go up to
our knees." I like I like the junction and the
archive tunnel because as a performer you felt
like you were doing like community theater or
something. It was really sweet. But I think in
that junction though going back to the junction
the set that they built it was it was it felt like
real life. You didn't have to imagine anything.
No. Everything that we could interact with.
Yeah. Exactly. And even the pamphlets had proper
writing in them. David wrote it all. Like it was
really a tactile set that we could interact with.
Inevitably if you're not a part of a scene often
you you don't see it until you watch a movie. And
I just love when you and Karen are going into the
different he's kind of like lounging there in
the space or the uh drinking the the champagne
or the wine. I getting our foot massage. Yeah,
I loved that that stuff. Correct me. I know for
you it was the archive tunnel. M for all three
of us. We had the argument scene in the woods,
but the three of us together three of us
together would have been something in room.
I imagine that's what it would have been. Yeah. Uh
or was it the junction? No, that was after. Yeah,
it was been in my bedroom. We had our individual
moments and then when we all got together, the
sparks were flying and with Divine and John just
lit up, man. It was fun. Weird and random. Weird
and random. My fa, you know, my favorite scene
really is the Dean Martin. I was going to say
the Dean Martin. That whole sequence. I I I laugh
when I read that in the script. I laughed out loud
every time and it didn't fail when we did it in in
real life. Yeah. His falls were very good. So, but
also they didn't look for an actor who could do
Dean Martin. This was a Dean Martin impressionist.
They found a Dean Martin impressionist and then
he Yeah, he was great. That was some of those.
You killed it every time. I think it often was
when the camera was just on John and Devine and
they were just improvising interjections when we
the three of us were fighting. Yeah. I think that
was that was getting us that scene. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. In your bedroom. Yeah. You don't have
to lose your voice from acting. Well, we actually
did. We both got sick the first week. Remember?
We did. And we were in the mountains. That's not
from screaming. That was from No, but I lost my
voice. We shot on the Friday and then Monday we
were both in the trailer trying to stifle coughs
and and that was my first day and they were all
sick and I was like, "What did you do to my wife?"
Uggs. He's got a cozy way of entering the set.
Absolutely. And it's so funny. Remember some
my mom hit me a pair of Uggs like I was like 24
or something. I was like I'm never wearing these
things every day to set is like sweatpants,
sweatpants shorts. Game changer. Yeah, dude.
Absolutely. That is correct. Callum usually would
have a book. I'd always see you reading. Yeah,
I was reading a lot. Yeah. A water bottle
and a thermos. I like my liquids when I'm
on set. [Music] I loved my little red one.
Kind of Joan's first outfit when she gets
into the junction, but I also liked being in
my hospital robe cuz I thought it was funny. I
liked Yeah. My jacket my character puts on when
he first gets there. It's kind of Allah like
the graduate. I liked that. Liked that jacket.
Just one of the suits that I got to wear. The
50s style suits. It's a comedy, you know, it's
a fight in the comedic world, but also we were
trying to figure out the levels of it. You don't
want to make it too like silly or slapstick. But
I do think it's funny that neither of them can
fight like at all. And I love when Divine's just
like that's it. Is that guys done already?
That was it. Well, Lizzy was like day one,
day 30. She was the whole She opened it and closed
the I learned from both of you what I'm supposed
to put in my contracts next time. Have outs.
Like you guys both have outs. I didn't know
about those. I just knew I'd only need 21 days.
Yeah. To get it to I looked at the script. I said,
"Guys, I can get this done." Yeah. Four full weeks
in one day. Yeah. And I was like, "Don't worry,
I'll be first." And No, but you guys that I
mean, I think your guys mountain stuff was
That was probably the most challenging just So,
we got When we got sick, I remember the the the
most challenging moment. Lizzy said, "I've got a
really cool thing for you to try. It's raw garlic.
That'll make you feel a lot better." Yeah. So, I
did it and it made me feel worse. It made you feel
nauseous. And then we had to go on the mountain.
Yeah, exactly. It was like 7:30 in the morning.
I think you're supposed to put garlic on your
pillow, too. Really? You can eat a lot of raw
garlic. It's like a natural natural antibacterial.
That was crazy. That honestly garlic is in the
mountains. Sick. Yeah, we did one together.
That's why the shoot took so long, too. [Music]